Fellow villagers are the greatest wealth left to them by their father
How dare you touch him
You don't want to live anymore, do you?
How's it going?
Is there any danger to life?
I just haven't woken up yet.
fine
Is there anything strange going on recently?
A detachment of the Jiang family launched an onslaught at Xingyao Caitan
Father works late every day
Strange thing, nothing happened
But I heard from the driver
This Zhao
The escapees have been following them for days
Been following for several days
As soon as Lao Jiang arrived at the Shen family, he was in a hurry to start
It seems that they have the means and skills
mythical beast
I don't think the Jiang family will let me go like this
I'm afraid if the company is not nearby
I will go to the company in person tomorrow.
Just because you want to bring down the Shen family
Next life